#Here it is typed out unedited from it's original format. All spelling and grammatical errors remain. Also, for the sake of keeping this as true to the original as possible put it is it put in line 1,2,3, etc format with each of my lines corresponding directly to hers., David Watson

To FBI From One Who Saw

Im getting older allways wanted to
tell allways wanted to write

I Know if some one killed a family member
of my(no) fam I would want to know
were The Body was.

Know I don know any thing But Like why or who was (unreadable)
Know that I do believe I Know were Hofa is
bured Know I believe I know who met
Hoffa That day in the Restorant Know I believe
I know who might have been beHine it.
Know Telegraph Road was dead That
day I know I Traveled up + Down it
That Day for other resons

Know some Day I will leave my
Kids a letter with all the Details

Know I have told one person
Know I was Laughed at when I told
a few people what I believe
Know I have felt fear believing
I could to too be killed. But
Older now +(Life well who knows) To poor
to go to Mich) - wan t to see if

I can find The Place. Wish I could go
want to go. Back No . Id be easy to kill
- Know Take Grand River + Go West
Know Just Before you get to kensington Park
One Had to Turn Right one road - Highest point
I ever saw in those parts. Land on West side of Road
nothing out there at That time.
What Land was use for I have no
idea. (Allow a Hole But The Week befor a DEEP DEEP Hole dug (The week befor
Hoffa Died) [Roada T] Deepr than
any Telephone poles. Big Bulldozer made
a road To The bottom. very st(something illegible)
(men) young say in Twentys at that Time
making The Hole + Road could be still alive
"Dirt Road strong enough to Drive a car down'! (Note I say + write this for a reason)
I believe Hoffa is
There. I believed it then I believe
it now. still, Do believe mafa is
behine it (who else I Dont know) nor who)
Mafa from all over The US come
The Telegraph Road area Hel
all The besT place. Met many,
sill feel I could be kill But wante
to tell. + maybe Hoffa + His care will be fond

On the sides it says:

Dont Tell anytone This Note

and

I told one day you bel The Rest know want to tell all. not read tody

